<!-- -*- markdown -*- --> @mainpage
# term-colors
Version 1.0

This is the `README` file for the term-colors library.  term-colors is
a Free and Open Source terminal color library for C++.

Included in this distribution are several other files for your
reference:

  * [INSTALL](@ref md_INSTALL): Instructions for installation and configuration.
  * [COPYING](@ref md_COPYING): License clarifications.
    * `COPYING.bsd`:  3-clause BSD-style license.
    * `COPYING.ccby`: CC-BY 3.0 US license.
  * [AUTHORS](@ref md_AUTHORS): Author(s) of the software.

Source documentation can be generated by running `doxygen` in the
`doc/` directory.

### File Copyright and License

Copyright (C) 2012, [Patrick M. Niedzielski]
                    (mailto:PatrickNiedzielski@gmail.com)

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United
States License. You should have received a copy of the CC-BY 3.0 US
license along with this file. If not, see
[the Creative Commons website](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us).

## Introduction

term-colors is a C++11 library that integrates with the standard
iostreams to add color to terminal output on both Windows and on
terminals supporting ANSI Escape Sequences.

## Usage

To use term-colors, just include the `termcolors.h` header file in your
file.  You do not need to link to any library.  All methods are inline
in the header files; there is no need to compile term-colors.

@include usage.cpp <!-- see usage.cpp for an example -->

## Resources

  * [Home Page](https://gitorious.org/patrickniedzielski/pages/term-colors)
  * [Git Repo](https://gitorious.org/patrickniedzielski/term-colors)
  * [ANSI Escape Codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code)
